Release 0.20.0-rc.1 (#370)
grafbase/grafbase: cli/changelog/0.20.0-rc.1.md

### Features

> - Add `@graphql` directive to genrate queries and mutations to an upstream GraphQL API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `@graphql` directive to generate queries and mutations to an upstream GraphQL API.
```

> - Add `JWKS` provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `JWKS` auth provider.
```

> ### Features
> 
> - Add `@graphql` directive to genrate queries and mutations to an upstream GraphQL API.
> - Add `JWKS` provider.
> - Initial support for TypeScript configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Features

- Adds the `@graphql` directive to support generating queries and mutations from an upstream GraphQL API
- Adds a `JWKS` provider
- Adds initial support for TypeScript configurations
```
